add documentation on how to publish helm charts to registry.k8s.io (#7915)
kubernetes/k8s.io: registry.k8s.io/README.md

[post-promo-job]: https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-release-releng-blocking#post-k8sio-image-promo
[ci-promo-job]: https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-release-releng-blocking#ci-k8sio-image-promo
[project-github]: https://git.k8s.io/community/github-management#project-owned-organizations

> ### Publishing helm charts on registry.k8s.io

Author: addressed everywhere.

Publishing a helm chart in the Kubernetes organization follows a process similar to
publishing an image.

1. The subproject should build, document, and support the helm chart development.

> 2. The subproject should push the chart to the staging docker repo.

Author: updated.

3. On release tags, one can promote the chart and images to registry.k8s.io by obtaining the sha
   for the tagged helm chart and the tagged image from the build logs,

>    which should be linked.

Author: I don't know what kpromo is. This seems unrelated to this PR and we are fiddling with manifests for images as is right now?

>    which should be linked.

Reviewer: Either way, I don't think we should block this PR on it.

> 4. Open a PR into your images directory (registry.k8s.io/images/k8s-staging-SUBPROJECT/images.yaml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update the image promoter manifest for your subproject (`registry.k8s.io/images/k8s-staging-SUBPROJECT/images.yaml`) to add the respective SHAs for the container images and the Helm charts that were pushed to the staging image repository
```

Author: updated.

> 5. Add chart and image sha to the respective sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Create a PR and make sure that it gets merged for the image promoter process to kick off
```

Author: updated.

> 6. Once PR is merged, confirm both images and helm charts exist by `helm install subproject oci://registry.k8s.io/subproject/charts/subproject --version=$VERSION`

Reviewer 3: If there any way to trigger the `helm-chart-push` manually? I think the helm chart (in lws) generated with the tag release is not working as expected, I need to build a new helm chart.

Author: I don't think this is a way to trigger these jobs manually. Am I correct in that @BenTheElder?

> 6. Once PR is merged, confirm both images and helm charts exist by `helm install subproject oci://registry.k8s.io/subproject/charts/subproject --version=$VERSION`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Once the PR is merged, ensure the image promoter job for your merge commit is successful, then confirm that all promoted artifacts are available (e.g. `helm install subproject oci://registry.k8s.io/subproject/charts/subproject --version=$VERSION`)
```

Author: updated.

[post-promo-job]: https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-release-releng-blocking#post-k8sio-image-promo
[ci-promo-job]: https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-release-releng-blocking#ci-k8sio-image-promo
[project-github]: https://git.k8s.io/community/github-management#project-owned-organizations

### Publishing helm charts on registry.k8s.io

> Helm charts are a popular way to install Kubernetes applications.

Reviewer: We don't need this line. (I'm not disagreeing, but it doesn't add detail and this doc is already long)

> Publishing a helm chart in the Kubernetes organization follows a similar process
> as publishing an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a helm chart in the Kubernetes organization follows a process
similar to publishing an image.
```

Author: done.

1. The subproject should build, document, and support the helm chart development.
2. The subproject should push the chart to the staging docker repo.

> 3. On release tags, one can promote the chart and images to registry.k8s.io by obtaining the sha 
>    for the tagged helm chart and the tagged image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On release tags, one can promote the chart and images to registry.k8s.io by obtaining the sha 
   for the tagged helm chart and the tagged image from the build logs,
   which should be linked
```
(aside: is this the right level of indent for the continued line?

4. Open a PR into your images directory (registry.k8s.io/images/k8s-staging-SUBPROJECT/images.yaml)

> 5. Add chart and image sha to the respective sections.

Reviewer 3: Maybe another yaml file for helm chart? Right now, there's no field in images.yaml to distinguish between them.

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/main/registry.k8s.io/images/k8s-staging-kueue/images.yaml#L1

Reviewer: To the image promoter there is no meaningful difference. They appear as OCI ~images~ artifacts.

Reviewer: For humans, these need to be reviewed regardless, the PR adding them should clearly specify where the build came from in the opening body.
